# Launchcode CWI Rolodex
This repository is used for instructing a launchcode class the usefulness of git.

## For TA's
Clone this repository and await for instruction during class when to update

## For Students
Clone the repository by clicking on the green button labeled "Clone" to copy the link of this repository
- in your git bash window (windows) or terminal window (mac), navigate to a directory of your liking and run the command `git clone <paste link here>`
  > When you clicked the clone button, the link was copied to your clipboard, you can instantly paste by doing `command + v` within the terminal window for mac or `ctrl + v` for windows within the bash window

- You should see the repository download to your computer. navigate into the repository by doing `cd <name of repository folder>`
  > Remember, you can use the pwd command to tell you where are. Similarly, you can type `ls -l` at any point on the command line to list the current directory and it's contents.
  
- In your bash window for windows or terminal window for mac, keep your location in this folder and await for further instruction in class by me

## Running the site locally
- *For Mac Users*, navigate to the directory using finder. Within the folder you should see `index.html`, `style.css`, and an image directory. Click on the index file to launch the page in your default browser using the contents from the folder.

- *For Windows Windows*, navigate to the directory using Windows file manager. Within the folder you should see `index.html`, `style.css`, and an image directory. Click on the index file to launch the page in your default browser using the contents from the folder.
